Add godoc documentation (#148)
kyma-incubator/hydroform: parallel-install/README.md

## Usage

The top-level interface for library users is defined in the `installation` package, in the `Installer` interface.
Before starting the installation or uninstallation process, you need to provide a complete configuration
by creating an instance of the `Installation` struct.
To do so, provide the `installation.NewInstallation` function with necessary parameters:

| Parameter | Type | Example value | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| prerequisites | `[][]string` | `{"cluster-essentials", "kyma-system"}, {"istio", "istio-system"},` | Array of the component's name and Namespace pairs. These components will be installed first, linearly, in a declared order. |
| componentsYaml | `string` | - | Content of the [Installation CR](https://kyma-project.io/docs/#custom-resource-installation). Components will be extracted and installed in parallel. |
| overridesYaml | `[]string` | `{ "foo: bar", "val: example" }` | List of Helm overrides. The latter the override, the higher is its priority. |
| resourcesPath | `string` | `/go/src/github.com/kyma-project/kyma/resources` | Path to the Kyma resources. |

> | cfg | `config.Config` | - | Specifies fine-grained configuration for the installation process. See below for explanation. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| cfg | `config.Config` | - | Specifies fine-grained configuration for the installation process. See the table with `config.Config` configuration options for details. |
```

Reviewer: I reworded it just to avoid "above" and "below" phrases as per [guidelines](https://kyma-project.io/community/guidelines/content/#style-and-terminology-style-and-terminology-terminology).

`config.Config` options:

| Parameter | Type | Example value | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |

> | WorkersCount | `int` | `4` | Number of parallel workers used for an install/uninstall operation. |

Reviewer: `install` or `uninstall` are verbs so I would format it this way for it to make more sense.
